I overheard something today
to Sasson 18 president suwanee here at
the UN Secret Service
we're with foreign dignitary protection
it's a branch of the United States
government you're not in the United
States this is international territory
do you think you could identify the
voice you heard if you heard it again
yes how do you happen to be up there
after hours I'm an interpreter I left
some of my things in the sound booth I
had to go back for them and at that
moment there happen to be a couple of
fellas talking about an assassination in
a language that you and maybe eight
other people understand do you think I'm
a handout what do we make of this
interpreter my opinion it's a hoax
I'd rather make the mistake of believing
her than the bigger one of not the last
thing we can afford is to have some
foreign leader get popped on our soil
NSA CIA FBI whatever you need it's yours
who was that in the park
it's got nothing to do with you what are
you not telling me they saw me up there
well they could have I don't know I'm
not sure someone tried to run me over
this morning I think you think I'm
scared
and my protector is someone who doesn't
believe me are we using her as bait
what is she now victim or a suspect I
don't know is that you can you tell me
what somebody like you is doing at a
rebel rally the question you should be
asking is why would somebody take a
picture and type the names of everyone
in it on the back is a death list
what's going on she just got on the bus
yet with me here we got a situation
yep Toby brim off that bus right now
what were you doing on that bus I can't
tell you someone might get hurt someone
might get hurt
how the hell am I supposed to protect
you if I don't know where you are
they're not our family and they're not
our friends you told me that are you
gonna be that to morning yeah I'll be
here he's here
we're out of time Tobin
of all the people that I've looked into
since the things started the one with
the darkest history is you